there's the solar people the unicorns
come in and they Stampede all over the
Wolves no good job don't make an arm yep
is he going to turn it on visit chachi
there we go Hill is saying catches on
him and kicked his kicks him visit
chachi coming up with that they get the
tower as well okay this one's ed them
kamio-san Firestone Co suffice phone we
shouldn't get a hit nor is going Nordahl
teen or LD I yield I can't drink
graven I can't get them I'm on Jay Park
game bird um did he get even more it
looks like he nearly does fries going
forward it's visit chachi it's going to
pick up a kill on the sword but a triple
kill for a freeze I'm with you okay we
can't go ahead we think we'll get the
whiskey three seconds three seconds yeah
yeah nice I don't that W yeah sing him
all the way back it is a three four
three times into my oldest ready now
big enough fries and the wolves have
just been stunned young buck going down
finally Sauron with the last I'll get
her I'm mourning well thank you
I think it's okay visit chachi comes in
for the double kill vase the wolves go
it fanatic could be in trouble
yeah Mooney though is trying to leave
the charge as well they've actually
started to corner him up there tippers
only gonna land on chickens in here we
go ill essentially rocks on exercise I
mean yeah chum the waters on yellow star
targeted down fired visit chachi beben
having a flash away and this fight has
gone
the unicorns way I can a nurse know
he'll listen he's gonna try to salvage
the situation but who knew already
making art form he's going to completely
whip the solar flare here comes the rest
of the unicorns and they're gonna try
great some great Simon great solo I got
this brandy I'm going Frannie the blow
you know as well and here comes visit
chachi with the assassination as VAR Dex
picks up a double kill and then shut
down busy Oh
feminine goes back with the fights not
over yet reign over he's going to get
collapsed on they shut him down and
somehow that fight goes the unicorns way
morning gang keep your eyes on he'll
assign to go in it all yellow stars
caught though they'll and the solar
flare down but there isn't quite enough
follow up the Timbers will come down as
kick-ass picks acutely listening
flashing over the head touchy touchy
nice finish off that kill power of evil
with the pick up and it is a one for to
trade but it is in favor of the unicorns
of love as they close that gold gap
little by little a and you can see that
you know they were so dominant earlier
hooni gets caught now and should go down
a hill
try to collapse but this tower is
already at half L it's almost gonna go
down they back away blast moment hoodie
he uses non power they've logged umpteen
to live on stage they cut line basically
slow out of the way and who knee he
bails out even in making our form rain
over down inhibitor open half the
unicorns judge though I mean we get
stickier than Artie I'd have myself
forced to bounce away from Devin trying
to go in solar flares gonna connect the
fish does not but they've gotten it can
allow a direct line on their backside
Rex I said I'm not going to spend his
ultimate to try and force them back but
one tower is down yellow star now in a
bit of trouble himself as a spear
connector the second tower